feat(js): Add Metrics options to Options page (#18455)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/options.mdx

</SdkOption>

## Metrics Options

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.electron"]}>
  **Note:** For Electron, metric options apply to the process where these options
  are set.
</PlatformSection>

<SdkOption name="enableMetrics" type='boolean' defaultValue='true'>

> Set this option to `true` to enable metric capturing in Sentry. 

Author: ```suggestion
Set this option to `false` to disable metric capturing in Sentry (enabled by default). 
```

> Only when this option is enabled will the `metrics` APIs actually send metrics to Sentry.

Author: fixed
